hey guys I'm Sonia no guests welcome to
Asian and town and today I'm going to
show you how to make spicy fried rice
whoa yeah it's hot spicy you need this
in your life it's so good it is super
easy let's get started first the rice
using whole jasmine rice is the best
cold rice normally observed or the sauce
is better than warm rice their texture
is amazing as well so make sure your
rice is very cold and I'm going to chop
up some fragrance vegetables which is
garlic ginger and green onion so you
will need 2 cloves of garlic and chop it
and I'm going to break some ginger with
my cheese graters about 2 teaspoons and
last fragrance vegetables all green
onions I'm using really really thin
green onions but regular-sized green
onions Bowl is perfect now I'm going to
chop up my new toy you can substitute 2
Chinese broccoli regular broccoli or any
other green vegetables I really like you
too because they cook really really fast
I'm just starting diagonal angle so
about the by Saudis all right time for
my protein I have this beef chopped
sliced I'm going to cut into bite sizes
and net properly oh yeah you can use
regular other cup of poured or bacon
where doesn't matter we're not using
pork at all because the protein is
totally your choice now I'm going to
beat some eggs you will need two eggs
for this recipe and you might notice
that I am preparing almost everything
right now
it's because while you're cooking you do
not want to stop cooking and you will be
on
high-heel whole entire time so you want
every ingredient you want in your fried
rice is ready to go right next to you
back into eggs I'm going to add 2 TSP of
sriracha
oh yes we are go buy up everything
opening season the eggs with salt and
pepper and details alright we are almost
there - preparing the last is make a
sauce
oh yes by sea fried rice sauce it's the
best all TSP of soy sauce all TSP of
Samba which is chili paste and all TSP
of chili oil and I'm using this Chinese
chili oil that has actually to dry the
chili pepper inside of this chili oil of
course if you can back down the
spiciness for your taste or combo even
more this is just perfect for my taste
and mix up everything together
I'm going to pull myself over the rice
because I'm going to add my sauce and
rice at the same point alright now we
are going to move all this next to my
stuff next to my wall so we can start
the cooking let's go all right I'm going
to turn my heat up the highest one that
I can get when you're 1 is 1/2 and 1/2
tablespoon of cooking oil and we're
going to add or the garlic and ginger
onion about 30 to 40 seconds
you can smell all the fragrance from
them now and all your cooking when you
boil your cooking is Rhonda up we are
going to add a pushchair port on the
side and pull your a wall at the front
of the edge and do not mix up with the
14 yet because we want the edge to be
fluffy itself now mix everything
together and now kinda add right stop
and the u-turn super fun to cook
franchise it just like any coaching fire
yeah I'm just talking about a meanie so
or the youth toy oops - and warm it up
and right older or the sauce together
alright let's serve on the serving dish
fried rice is done
if you have this why do you need Chinese
takeout it Omega this is like million
times better give me thumbs up if you
really like my spicy fried rice because
I will give myself a thumbs up and
subscribe my channel for more
inspirations and idea of Asian home
cooking thank you so much for watching
me today and remember you can always
cook Asian food at your house making
easy and fun and some the longest and
this is Asian at home and I will see you
next time bye oh my bacon clean okay